hey kids thanks for watching Johnny and
Zoey I'm here with my boy Johnny what's
up
aka oh you're actually denied oh sorry
I'm here with Leonardo yeah awesome and
I'm here with the ferocious Zoey I she's
gonna play tug of war with Johnny on
your mark get set
oh and Zoey's in her Mercedes mark get
set go
so he's winning what's going on so he's
winning
Zoey's totally winning oh it's a tie now
wait Oh
Leonardo's point off the big guns
Leonardo Leonardo dude are you kidding
me oh my goodness he's taking her on a
little trip dude that is so good leo so
good all the way to the fence I've never
seen this before Leonardo is the
champion
so he's been unmasked and he's taken
Zoey on a nice drive backwards
Oh hope you have insurance give
insurance license and registration okay
I stood my cents and registration I'm
gonna get you guys I'm gonna get you
guys
think it's thanks for watching this is
Johnny and Zoe it doesn't
we play with power wheels on this
channel and other awesome kid toys all
the time so put subscribe hey where'd
you go
you